Gwenevere Abriel: tiny, teeny tiny
Alicia Noedel: She's doing a lot better.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many hours.
Last night.
Alicia Noedel: I went to bed.
Alicia Noedel: And then she woke up at like two and was having a hard time but
Gwenevere Abriel: Went back at least 334 maybe five hours.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: I'm I'm feeling pretty good though.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it just the teething or you think she's picking up on something else.
Alicia Noedel: She has like a lot of gas and stomach problems right now. I don't know if that's because of the TV, but, um, I guess a lot of doctors don't agree with whether or not a fever is a symptom of teething. Some of them say that it is. Some of them say that it isn't.
Alicia Noedel: And
Alicia Noedel: A lot of parents confuse flu symptoms and teething.
Alicia Noedel: So, um, I mean, she was only really bad for like three days if she could have had the flu. But I see little teeth buds in her mouth so
Gwenevere Abriel: That the temperature. I thought was a little on the high side, wasn't it
Alicia Noedel: Oh, it was 104 and I
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's high fever any mom would be freaking out. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: It started at 100.3
Alicia Noedel: And my mom said, you know, it can range between like 97 and 100.3 that if it goes above that, that we need to start worrying and so I got witch hazel, I had wet washcloth I had her with no clothes on, like, freaking out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well I'm sorry that this week was really hard for you guys.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I just don't want to see her suffer, you know, she's the main one. It's sad. Her eyes look so different now. Like, she looks like she views the world differently. And it's so
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what
Alicia Noedel: He's doing a lot better.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's going to be okay. It's, it's, it's that you were right there with her. That's what she needed is you looking back at her letting her know she's okay. Okay, that makes you there's no there's no separation of object at that age you are other self.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the fact that you're right there with her letting her know she's okay when she's crying when she scared when she's having that body experience and you look back at her with love and in the sounds of their, their everything's going to be okay that sweet tone.
Gwenevere Abriel: That gets in. That's how she's going to identify she's going to identify the ability to regulate the self, because you were there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you may want to do another yeah that other story you are doing. But this is the one. This is the one that makes the difference. This is, this is what's going to create the attachment bond. This is going to be the one that
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say that the world is. It is, it is scary ugly horrible scary place. No, actually what she was met with with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not, it's not quite what you were saying if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Weren't there. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you weren't there for that if you weren't when you said I will all she can all she wants is to stay in my arms. Well, all she has to cry to come
Gwenevere Abriel: Out to you and have her body take care of itself. And you to pay attention and you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hundred percent a plus job.
Alicia Noedel: Thank you.
Alicia Noedel: I tried. It's hard. I, I didn't know teething was going to be that are I really didn't think it was going to be better.
Alicia Noedel: And she's very sensitive already, you know, so like the littlest things bug her so when she was feeling like that every little thing.
Alicia Noedel: That would happen that she didn't like necessarily she would
Alicia Noedel: flip out
Alicia Noedel: Or daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about you, Mom, what's this been like for you.
Alicia Noedel: Um, it's, it's been hard. I'm just seeing you are obviously I mean I had a little slip
Alicia Noedel: With them over taking my medication.
Alicia Noedel: It's just me really really like I feel like it's just like me reverting back to my old ways instead of like, you know, using my positive always positive, you know, tools that you've given me to not
Alicia Noedel: Do that.
Alicia Noedel: I
Alicia Noedel: Panicked
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys are so hard on yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All this is just a message that we gotta keep
Gwenevere Abriel: You gotta keep getting the information we you know we we can't cram it all in.
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple weeks and takes time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So just go gently when it when it's time for you to give yourself like that that self-reproach just say, you know, it took me years to get here. It's going to take some time to get this feeling under my belt. It's going to take some time to develop the new
Gwenevere Abriel: Tissue, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I can remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can remember these other ways of going about how I can meet my negative emotions.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I miss it. I miss being the way I used to be. I feel like you know drugs have really like affected my brain. I feel so illiterate. Like I feel like I'm not the same person on the inside. Or like, I can't articulate myself as well as I used to.
Alicia Noedel: So, you know, I don't know if you've noticed I tried to explain myself to you with certain things and I have a really hard time
Alicia Noedel: My memories and what it used to be. And that's all from the drugs, it's it's really messed me up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's this really cool word neural plasticity and we're many years ago we thought that the brain was exactly
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly what its potential be and it doesn't your as smart as you're ever going to be, but it's not the case, we have our brain is very adaptive and it grows and that's that word Neuro plasticity. It means it stretches and grows and you're going to get your brain back
Alicia Noedel: That's cool. Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It does mean you have to turn on the brain. It doesn't happen passive
Gwenevere Abriel: So right, you'd think it would. Well, I want to know if you've got to be reading and learning and stretching it. So I'm wondering if you're here doing that or we benefit consumed with motherhood.
Alicia Noedel: I haven't read in a really long time. I wanted to start downloading audio books and stuff, cuz I don't really have time to sit down and read a book which is unfortunate. I love to read
Alicia Noedel: I mean I feel like I'm missing something in that area. I feel like something's missing.
Like craving.
Alicia Noedel: Some kind of, you know, stimulation
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. So yes, audio books.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe including some that are
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting your brain thinking. So if it's something that you could be either learning something to maybe it's a language. You could certainly do some other interest that you have
Alicia Noedel: On the tree learning Spanish with my daughter, because
Gwenevere Abriel: Who wouldn't that be cool.
Alicia Noedel: And, you know, mom knows Spanish
Gwenevere Abriel: Also, it surprised me when they're, when they're little, I think it said about you know 18 months they can start signing. You can teachers. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't really confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I did it, I was like, well, this just seems impossible. And then a child that can't speak can actually say that there they want more, they, they actually can die. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There'll be able to sign will be able to say, Mom, Dad, more where they're done, because then you'll know whether they want food.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: It develops the language side of the brain earlier. So they're connecting communication with
Gwenevere Abriel: With signing and that part of the brain gets developed even faster. So that's pretty exciting.
Alicia Noedel: So every time. Like, like, here's a scenario on how to teach that and install that in your childhood. What, like every time you, you know, go to go give them their bottle of their food do you like, Do you want more and do the sign with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I'm I'm trying to remember how I did it. I'm not. I can't formally teach this, because it's not my skills, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna have to remember now so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to think. So when I put his food in, I would say.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want more.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say more, one more. So all three.
Alicia Noedel: That's really smart and
Gwenevere Abriel: And and you won't believe like how you just you just look up some basic sign language for for babies.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be shocked.
Alicia Noedel: Hey, I know a little bit of signs but that's really interesting. I didn't know that at all.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. Really know they'll do it all of a sudden their little hands will like for my mom and dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do these things. And it's just a what was exciting was just the empowerment that this little one could now directly communicate with me. I was like this just feels amazing.
Alicia Noedel: Right.
Alicia Noedel: Because I know that they've had a lot of research, there's a woman who's, who is like been studying it for like a certain amount of years.
Alicia Noedel: Of babies language and that babies. I have their own language from, you know, the minute. They're, they're able to you know make little noises or move their arms.
Alicia Noedel: And that they can you they are communicating to you what they need. You just have to know what those signs are and what the noises noise means
Alicia Noedel: That's super fascinating, but that's a whole different ball game.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's turning into the child, though. That's what this is about. So, there
Gwenevere Abriel: Are some real overlap there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So today, I do want to go over as I do every month I go over
Gwenevere Abriel: Clients folks and
Gwenevere Abriel: One of your primary goals is never get back to where I was using heroin so
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the things that I asked everyone to do for this first month is I'm I asked them to attend group weekly I asked them to attend individual therapy weekly for 30 days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think overall, you've you've met that in a really meaningful way. You not only show up. Like I listened to you and you really contemplate the concepts and you emotionally appear to be just trying them on really listening and almost feeling the meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is this month been like for you.
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: Overall,
Alicia Noedel: It's been hard. Yeah, just isolation has been really getting getting on hard on me a really trying to keep my cool because I'm now at this point. Like I feel like a lot of our personalities are like clashing with each other in the house.
Alicia Noedel: You know me and my mom or or we have the same star sign. We're both Leo's and so we kind of butt heads a little harder than
Alicia Noedel: But that only happens you know when we're really, really, you know, sick of each other.
Alicia Noedel: But on the other side. It's been very
Alicia Noedel: Hopeful that things will get better soon.
Alicia Noedel: With our country and the world, honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to attend.
Gwenevere Abriel: These services here. How do you think that's impacting your recovery.
Alicia Noedel: It's helping me a while. I think it's helping me a lot. Um,
Alicia Noedel: I feel, I feel like
Alicia Noedel: Like outside of my family. I don't have
Alicia Noedel: Anybody that
Alicia Noedel: really listens.
Alicia Noedel: In it, it's, it's like made a big difference for me to be heard.
Alicia Noedel: And
Alicia Noedel: To for for things to be acknowledged that I'm, I'm not crazy like
Alicia Noedel: everything that's going on and everything that I've done, and everything that I'm doing is justified.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last thing you want to feel like you're going insane and have that self doubt and have your reality and validated.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't help but notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're you're living with your mom right now three
Gwenevere Abriel: Times those conflicted feelings come up
Alicia Noedel: Um, that's why I kind of july meetings I doing meetings in a room where no one can hear me.
Alicia Noedel: Because I don't, I don't want it to cause you know issues, either in Illinois. I don't really think it would let them.
Alicia Noedel: Grow want to hurt anybody's feelings. Either you know
Alicia Noedel: But I do tell her what we talk about. And she's aware that
Alicia Noedel: I've been getting it off my chest and
Alicia Noedel: We have heart to hearts all the time about her, you know, showing a lot of remorse.
Alicia Noedel: And feeling really bad for all the hard years that we endured together.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad you have that, not, not many children have environments like what you described had a chance to heal in real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: The relationships so so that's that's a unique opportunity you have and
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean she knows what to do. So it might not go perfectly and and those same things that may have made you feel invalidated when you were younger might still be present.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we touch on that a
Gwenevere Abriel: Little bit and see how maybe when you describe just now those personalities. Where are you noticing you might be saying something feeling something and you, you try to be heard and it doesn't it doesn't seem like you are or my dad.
Alicia Noedel: When I was a kid.
Alicia Noedel: She would do.
Alicia Noedel: This thing where she would ignore me so like I would
Alicia Noedel: Be trying to talk to her, you know, really hung like 678 like bitterness or something or want to play a game or whatever it was.
Alicia Noedel: And shooters ignore me and watch TV or like just a moment. And so now in present day, um,
Alicia Noedel: I want to show or something or tell her something or asked her if she remember sleeping, stuff like that. And she'll be on her phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up. Someone just texted yeah
Alicia Noedel: Yeah I so record collectors.
Alicia Noedel: She ignores me, and sometimes it really it bugs me a lot more than it probably would for a normal person.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do because it's moments. What do you do with those
Gwenevere Abriel: When they eat. I get really frustrated
Alicia Noedel: And I you know I say, Mom, I'm and then she doesn't, you know, hear me, I just walk away because I'm not gonna sit there and beg for attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm adding this as a potential target for us to explore this is an important one. I think putting this in sort of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Side thermometer thing.
Alicia Noedel: Is currently. I don't think she does that on purpose.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if she used to do it on purpose, but
Alicia Noedel: You know she's just so consumed in what she's doing at the time.
Alicia Noedel: That's a big one.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I can't, I don't like to repeat myself I'm
Alicia Noedel: From from that experience of feeling like we normally when I was a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: An alternative
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not giving advice. I'm just saying that there's other ways to go about it if you decided to. It doesn't mean now it just means there's other ways to go about it that honors the fact that I'm
Alicia Noedel: If she is
Gwenevere Abriel: To just sort of healing that rupture in the relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: When she's off the phone. Six hours later, five hours later, a day later, you can say, hey, Mom. I'd like to talk to you about something.
Gwenevere Abriel: And being able to say, oh, my ears really bad. Sorry, you're
Alicia Noedel: My
Gwenevere Abriel: When I when I see you
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever it is rejected unwanted unloved dialed up. Hi, even over what normally would be a really minor
Gwenevere Abriel: Event. Have you been
Gwenevere Abriel: On the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom, I think that's because
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't get enough then and
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's my question to you, Lisa. This is the missing piece and all that, of course, I made up that whole story. But there are pieces of it, you just shared with the part I don't know is right in that moment when she's on the phone. See if you can catch
Gwenevere Abriel: indulged in what you the fantasy, the absolute fantasy of what would fill the empty hole that is that right that emptiness that
Gwenevere Abriel: Lonely unwanted piece right in that moment. What if Hey mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just between you and me. I'm not going to tell her I'm not going to say, hey, go tell her this is between you and I want to know the fantasy.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that moment now in current day she's busy on the phone and you come in and you try to address her you do address her. What's the fantasy. What would you like to do
Alicia Noedel: At least acknowledge that I said some
Alicia Noedel: You know, I'm not expecting her to
Alicia Noedel: drop everything at that moment.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, because that's, you know, unrealistic that's being a little selfish, I think. Okay.
No.
Alicia Noedel: Game.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm asking you to do that. I'm asking you to drop into what you're labeling selfish. I don't know that you have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Realistic, you know, I'm reference point ups.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the end here. So you did not even in here you indulge
Alicia Noedel: No, I wasn't finished.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good.
Alicia Noedel: Let me is it um
Alicia Noedel: I am whether she's you know, playing a game or you know whatever because it's never her talking on the phone.
Alicia Noedel: It's, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Her you know messing around on the internet or whatever, you know, at least, just look over and be like, give me a second baby girl. I'll be, you know,
Alicia Noedel: I'll just give me one second. I'm just going to finish this or whatever, even if it's something important. You know, just hold on real quick just being acknowledged is all I want. That's all I want is just acknowledgement
Gwenevere Abriel: And when your daughter wants your attention.
What are you going to do
Alicia Noedel: I want to, you know, give it on divided her
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you're on the phone playing a game. What would you do when they
Alicia Noedel: dropped my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fuck yeah. So notice how you didn't do that for yourself just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm not a kid anymore. That's what you put we are at least here we're stuck at age six
Gwenevere Abriel: We're stuck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even in here. You wouldn't indulge in the fantasy God for
Gwenevere Abriel: Bid she she can't wait to get off that phone to heck yeah
Alicia Noedel: Makes me feel like less important than a stupid like
Gwenevere Abriel: Amen sister. I gotcha. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you don't even in here, verbally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give it that chance that stuff some in here to help. Notice I called it a fantasy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but it means disappointment, but you knew you knew exactly what the truth is. Because this is what you would give your daughter where you're giving what you didn't get
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's the piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is reasonable that you may be able to heal. If your mom really knew what the recipe was I don't know her capability. I truly do not if, but if she means it and what she would do. She can't get her hands off that phone fast enough. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, this is just a game go what's going on and just locked on
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah that's it right there. Just sit with that.
Alicia Noedel: And then her memory isn't as good as as it should be, or isn't used to because of her you know past so
Alicia Noedel: I'm will be in a really intense conversation about, you know, my childhood and things that, you know, really affected me. Uh huh. And I'll bring something up to her. That was pretty significant.
Alicia Noedel: To me, and she will say that it never happened.
Alicia Noedel: invalidating me
Gwenevere Abriel: Out.
Alicia Noedel: She doesn't remember but you know it 100% happened you know whatever the situation is there's a few different things that happened that she will, you know, say, to this day, never happened.
Alicia Noedel: I don't know if that's her own way of blocking it out to make herself, you know, not feel horrible because I don't want her to feel like a bad mom either, you know, she was a great mom before the drug before she started to doing drugs and she's a great mom now that she doesn't do anything.
Alicia Noedel: So really is.
Gwenevere Abriel: So at least yet if you say
Gwenevere Abriel: What you actually are hoping went so don't make any excuses for her. She already, you already given
Gwenevere Abriel: Jobs of mess with her memory. She's a good enough, Mom. Now you've already given her all the excuses. Those are the buffers for anything to come
Alicia Noedel: As far as that's just how I feel, though, to, you know, it's, it's an excuse, per se.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just go back to you have a reason for why you're wanting to share things with her. What are you hoping you'll get when you say this happened, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want her. What do you want from her.
Alicia Noedel: I feel like I just want praise I just want someone to be proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, as in you endured a lot. You're amazing for having survived. How I treated you like that.
Alicia Noedel: were like, oh, I didn't know we were talking about like from when I was a kid talking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm saying. I'm saying you're bringing up
Alicia Noedel: Things I just want
Alicia Noedel: I just want them to be acknowledged.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is where you and I can do some
Gwenevere Abriel: Some specific things. OK.
Alicia Noedel: OK.
Alicia Noedel: If you and I tissue. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: acknowledgement from your mother.
Alicia Noedel: If
Gwenevere Abriel: You could just be
Gwenevere Abriel: This would be different.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if it could just be where she listened attentively.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nodding and saying,
Gwenevere Abriel: I validate and I acknowledge the feeling of what you remember, could that be enough if if she was able to pull that part off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or it's not the memory itself. But what the residue of it. Could that be enough.
Alicia Noedel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's fair. Because you're really thinking about it. Yeah. So, so that line right there. And the reason why I'm proposing it like this is because a memory is so flawed and you haven't even included yes there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychological denial, but we haven't even included
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the fact that you yourself and me and everyone else when we're in a high stress high amygdala response the cortisol that covers the hippocampus messes with your memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: It corrupts it so it could be all of those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you're going to end up having invalidation as an adult. Again, you're going to have had the trauma back then and then you're going to say it to try and be validated as an adult and now you're getting the whammy twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't want that for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm proposing and this is this is not going to happen. All in one day today. This is me trying to understand what your mother's capable of right now. I'm trying to get a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: A if you could tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: Just being validated for the experience of it and not having your mother say yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: That happened. Yeah. That happened. I did that to you. I was unavailable to you. I left you alone. I didn't take care of you didn't protect
Gwenevere Abriel: My concern is you're wanting that from her as the healing part are you might end up being let down again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And yeah, see. So, and we're not i'm not blaming her for that. Just saying. I don't want you to be traumatized. A second and third and hundreds time for that.
Alicia Noedel: It's, it's more just kind of like a, you know, like
Alicia Noedel: WTF moment like what do you mean
Alicia Noedel: You know, like it is obviously happen, you know, what do you mean
Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that one.
Alicia Noedel: Like I just, I don't like I don't understand. If it's like a really like her. Don't doesn't remember or like are you just, you know, trying to save face, like, I don't know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't, but we're just taking this into one piece at a time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, we're not talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have to have understanding about why she did that thing. We're just trying to sit with what your mother is capable of doing that will meet your current adult need
Alicia Noedel: For understanding if Muslims very understanding and she's
Alicia Noedel: Very smart.
Alicia Noedel: And she she really does want this.
Alicia Noedel: You know, like the counseling and everything she really does want it to help me. And she tries to help any way she can
Alicia Noedel: Okay, so, um, if I were to go to her and discuss it with her. I'm worthy to sure that she would
Alicia Noedel: oblige. It's just, I don't know if that's enough for me. I was gonna when you asked me, I was gonna immediately say yes.
Alicia Noedel: Uh huh. And then I was like, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Maybe not. It's not. I'm not sure. So
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we won't know till we get there. Yeah, no, no time to get there. We know that right now. This isn't enough.
Alicia Noedel: You can't do any harm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get worse. Right now it's not enough invalidate to say she's outwardly saying that didn't happen. So that's not that's not working. I mean, not just as hard
Alicia Noedel: Or she'll be like, oh, I think you're remembering that wrong, or like that never happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the same way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think of it like this, let's say you had a positive experience with something. Let's say you're enjoying being with your, your baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, you know, on her 10th birthday you think back and you you tell her I remember when you were a baby.
It just
Gwenevere Abriel: You just lit up my life. You were amazing and I
Gwenevere Abriel: You my everything. And she says, oh, I don't think you're remembering that right
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Your daughter can't undo how you experienced it, you have an emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: Wiring to an event.
Gwenevere Abriel: Period. It was wired it was experienced a particular way how we feel is not, it's not something that anyone can argue with us about it. It happened. I felt alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Period that whether you would have felt the same way is not what we're talking about right right now. Mom, it's. And so this is, and I still haven't quite gotten to the proposal yet. I'm sort of still sort of setting the stage for this idea that if this way isn't working, trying to feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel seen when you weren't seeing when you were little trying to be seen now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that she has a full capability. But if we shift gears and you say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: How about
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe a new agreement with mom and it could be something like this. Mom, I'm working through a lot of my feelings when I was younger and you and I memory is
Gwenevere Abriel: Flawed for every one every one of us. Mine too. I, I think I've got a good one. And then sure enough, someone points something out. And yeah, you're right. It was in this other room and I did say that and oh my gosh
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. Oh, if you say
Gwenevere Abriel: About a new agreement mom when I come to you and I say, oh, I want to talk to you about a feeling I had when I was younger, that's happening again. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you just say the following. To me, this is what the agreement would be like there was an agreement, there was a validating statement that you could hear from her if she decides to do it. That doesn't say to herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I failed my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we don't want to think that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Alicia Noedel: hurt her feelings, either.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't
Know,
Alicia Noedel: I know it's a very sensitive topic. It talked about
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not her feelings were talking, you just moved from yours, which I'm trying to set this up. If you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean this time could be some other session, but just to set it in the background that there's another way to go about it which means it would look something like this. If
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say this, you can kind of see this couch over here. Let's say this parent figure was here, it would be something like, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What right now I'm noticing. I'm so resentful so angry. I don't think this is just from right now I have a feeling this is some old stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me your full attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you let me know that you understand what the emotion of feeling unwanted dislike, you know, or that
Gwenevere Abriel: How that makes sense to you. So there's that's only three and there's more
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's very different than Mom, I need you to remember it the same way I remember it. Otherwise, I'm not validated because really and truly we're doing these these things where we say, well, I need you to remember this.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what we're doing is
Gwenevere Abriel: We're talking about emotions there what motivated us
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think
Gwenevere Abriel: You may not want to have that emotion anymore. Maybe it would be nice to have happy and love.
Gwenevere Abriel: It. And when we say I'm not feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted for important when your attentions on this game.
Gwenevere Abriel: It says, I think, more to do with my past, and it does really about this game.
Gwenevere Abriel: It goes, but we can say that you see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cuz
Gwenevere Abriel: It's about feeling is that about you having to notice I don't tell my story from the past. This is, I think I'm all dialed up high on Sad, really, it's a big sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not wanted moment. But I think at that moment, I think it has more to do with the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would mean a lot to me if you could just just choose to kind of spend a little bit of time with me today, if not right now, maybe, could you
Gwenevere Abriel: Reach out to me more often go seek me out, go seek out my attention. AND THAT'S A VERY ADULT THING TO DO A child doesn't do that. So if you're saying, well, I'm grown up now and that was in the past. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom may not know how to do that. Still, and so this is where we get into being an adult and we say this is what I like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Couple times a day. And if you have to set an alarm. Just come look for me in the room and just come by and say I need doing and there's nothing in your hand, there's no phone so crossword puzzle. There's no book. There's nothing but you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Will air to do that. And I love you, an hour to show you. And there's all this blocking right you could get ahead and and say this is what's going to be respond to as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: You stick with it and you say it's not about that. It's about how it's going to make me feel right. I'm gonna heal from how I perceived my childhood. I think this will help me heal.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not debating whether this or that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom, I think I'm finding the recipe on how to heal. Do you want to participate in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see the difference. Yeah. Yeah. And that's one approach because now. No, there's no way I would even consider this idea if she hadn't already come to you and said, right, like you described her as this person who wants you to feel better. Right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it was a different version.
Gwenevere Abriel: We might we might be really sort of really having to draw the line and not expect
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything to change on
Gwenevere Abriel: But when you get into content when it has to be, how can you, how can you
Gwenevere Abriel: Not remember it this way, it's it's it's shaped who I am today. And it is the reason why I'm so sad. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, how can you, how can you, how can you undo that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you're going to keep hurting, and then you're really traumatized by it. But if instead you have the courage Lucien, I'm not saying this happens overnight to ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Well just play with it a little bit over time.
Gwenevere Abriel: This idea that I'm proposing will either come naturally over time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not necessarily today.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I want to give you is that there's kind of hope.
Gwenevere Abriel: That we're destined to have to recapitulate
Gwenevere Abriel: Over again.
Alicia Noedel: I
Alicia Noedel: Do want to be happy. I'm so tired of feeling sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at least see let's not wait for her to do the right thing. She just doesn't know.
Alicia Noedel: Forgive her for ya. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Forget for that because forgiveness is so much better on the soul. It's better on the organs in our body to just say I accept that you didn't learn how to do this and maybe you get your brain got fried from the coke or whatever meth, she was doing on what she was doing and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just going to own what I want
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's it. And when you're ready, and if the environments. Right. And I can certainly
Gwenevere Abriel: Do that with you. Also, and that's another thing if it ever comes to where you want a safe place to do a family therapy session. I'm happy to meet with both of you and create that environment where I can teach her how to validate, I can teach her how to just mirror can teach skills.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I think that having a talk with her about it first.
Alicia Noedel: If we were to do that would probably the best thing because I don't want her to get defensive
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Thinking that I'm trying to attack her because that's not what I want.
Alicia Noedel: I just want us both to heal.
Gwenevere Abriel: And here's the thing, at least, yet it heals mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: To love you the way you need it as good for her to you see now.
There.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in a way that is saving face. And yes, absolutely. I can create the structure and say, Listen, Mom. This is a
Gwenevere Abriel: Planet. What I like to teach, both of you, and then you both.
Gwenevere Abriel: You both be doing them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take some time now as we're here at the end. And you've been sitting with a lot of emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. Of course you are. Oh, I absolutely know it, you're, you're feeling the feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes you are. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those other longings those other disappointments are still there, too.
Alicia Noedel: I don't want to ruin your ears.
Alicia Noedel: blow my nose all out in the microphone.
Alicia Noedel: I feel better.
Alicia Noedel: That's been bugging me for so long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to sort of be this this listening ear.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a little bit
Alicia Noedel: off me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think that weight was
Gwenevere Abriel: You've
Alicia Noedel: Been holding in or so long.
Alicia Noedel: Like I've said for so long. Oh, it's just something that bugs me. It just bugs me.
Alicia Noedel: This is not just with her. It's an issue with everybody now so like
Alicia Noedel: I know if anybody ignores me,
Alicia Noedel: You know it bugs me right away. Way more than probably, you know, a normal person would, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And it'll probably happen in it'll happen here too and I would invite you to catch it. I might be looking off screen or busying myself or right distracted.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in here, unlike with mom, you can say
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't seem to be paying attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I'm irritated looked away what we are, what are you doing
Gwenevere Abriel: For most people, they, they don't risk it. They don't do that. But you, you might just do that you might be able to do that, boy, he you guys grew up, you, you talked about something else. And it's like you skipped over me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may never run across a setting like this again. Yeah. Where you going to fight. You're going to feel that vitality might be anger. It might be something inside that stirs inside and you normally habitually
Gwenevere Abriel: Push it down and walk away and say it's better to just not speak my truth, but in the therapeutic environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just make sure you do it when I'm around don't not just with a doctor with me because I'll know what to do to take care of you and to protect you and create the space for you to get your truth out
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm not going to make it about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to get defensive. I'm going to say, Yeah, I did. And I get how that would feel you you need me to be just right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Makes sense.
Alicia Noedel: Come down, sometimes I was when we're having our sessions I look at, I can look at you.
Alicia Noedel: Because you're here, I can see that you care, guys.
Alicia Noedel: It's too much for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can look away and glass away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to look away. You can change the glance you get to do that. And I'll just stay right here.
Alicia Noedel: I've been wanting to say that, but I didn't. I knew that it was good.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's risky to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that real, are you kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me is that with these eyes mean is that I know the risk
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I could let you down. I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it is
Gwenevere Abriel: No it's, it's very real.
Gwenevere Abriel: With your with your room that you developed the I
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I was transported there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That loneliness was a cute and sharp and visceral, I can feel that
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't, I don't want to be that I want to be here with you.
Alicia Noedel: Can be that way knows it's clogged so
Gwenevere Abriel: And I got both my ears and her congested.
No.
Alicia Noedel: That's horrible.
Alicia Noedel: Let's suck.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's weird today. It's weird to have both. I usually have one year at a time. This time I got both
Alicia Noedel: The skill and your ears pop when you're driving, is that what it feels like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like yeah like or up in an airplane or underwater.
Gwenevere Abriel: Usually it's one year and then the other. But this morning. It's
Alicia Noedel: No, that's horrible.
Alicia Noedel: So sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think when I tilt back. No, I do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really for a second.
Alicia Noedel: You have to do that all day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today it seems like especially
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: share a little bit about what that was like to be in real time with me that
Gwenevere Abriel: Connection of what you were experiencing with me in the moment.
Alicia Noedel: It's just, it's intense
Alicia Noedel: It's really intense to
Alicia Noedel: Sit with your thoughts like that.
Alicia Noedel: But, um,
Alicia Noedel: It kind of makes you want a clear mind because you know
Alicia Noedel: you're here, you're here, you're grounded. You're just sitting care.
Alicia Noedel: You to take advantage of that to just
Alicia Noedel: You know, the things going on. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and that you're okay. Can you feel that part two. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sat with the intensity. There was a lot of risk. There was a lot of stake
Gwenevere Abriel: You okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Set your intention for kind of how you want to take this experience today and maybe meeting. Maybe it'll be your fiance, you know,
I would
Gwenevere Abriel: Love it level of honesty, maybe it won't even be anything you say to him, but it will be how you'll meet how you will be with him how the eye contact me.
Gwenevere Abriel: The presence of not walking out of the room when you touch on that tender spot of wanting giving yourself permission to want a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: And not saying yourself. I don't deserve this. And they'll know or they'll give it to me or I don't want to cause a conflict or I don't want to hurt someone's feelings or inconvenience someone but lingering even for a second longer having had this was me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that you were okay and that it's okay to just sit a little longer with it that window of tolerance of
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to go to irritation and then short right. I'm not going to go into that, instead of just going to sit with what do I want right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really don't want him cutting the onion, opening the fridge. I want him just to look at. I noticing it just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just being a slow little detective just picking up on sitting with just that longing, a little bit longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you may end up doing the other things after. Oh, he's not going to give it to you. They're not going to bother to ask, and I get irritated and I made the road, you may decide to go that route.
Gwenevere Abriel: But at least you sat with it a little bit longer and you're able to name it. What would feel good and delicious nurturing right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sitting with it a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're talking about fractions of a second, by no means am I saying these are seconds, back to back. These are like this glimpses oh I noticed. Oh, look at that. I really
Gwenevere Abriel: I so would have preferred and maybe it won't be intense I gaze maybe where he will break. Maybe it'll be where there's a synchronized breaking and you'll both break off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just paying attention to what feels right inside your body what feels like you're really being sort of contained emotionally
Alicia Noedel: And maybe you do need to step back and take a second. Like, like you said before getting angry because I get angry right away and I don't express that anger to anyone else. So the only person it's affecting is me because I'm keeping it inside it burning inside of me.
Alicia Noedel: And I don't want that. You know, I do need to just, you know, take a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least yeah i think i think your, your sweetheart, let's you. I think that just as simple as turning our head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would would do the trick or just putting something out of our hands. Just, just be a detective for a while and see what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then maybe journal. It may be noted this person did this. It was so subtle my stomach. I knew it was true, because I felt it here in the body. Be a little detective and write it down. Date and Time journal and come back and inform us in here and see what we do now. I do have to go
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I look forward to seeing you in group.
Alicia Noedel: Me to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need me. Right. Your doctor do anything. Is there any medication attached today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Richard, do you know
Alicia Noedel: No, I still have to get my own Thursday.
Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Have a great day. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Too o'clock eastern began to you.
Okay.